docs/config.md, before:

**The config is in `config/lfm.php`.**

## Routing:

| Key                | Type    | Description                                                                                                  |
|--------------------|---------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| use\_package\_routes | boolean | Use routes from package or not. If false, you will need to define routes to all controllers of this package. |
| middlewares        | array   | Middlewares to be applied to default routes. For laravel 5.1 and before, remove 'web' from the array.        |
| url_prefix         | string  | The url prefix to this package. Change it if necessary.                                                      |


## Multi-User Mode:

| Key                | Type    | Description                                                                                    |
|--------------------|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| allow\_multi\_user   | boolean | If true, private folders will be created for each signed-in user.                              |
| allow\_share\_folder | boolean | If true, share folder will be created.                                                         |
| user_field         | string  | Private folders will be named by this. Can receive column name of `users` table or class name. |

### If you want to name private folders other than columns of users table, follow these steps:
1. Run `php artisan vendor:publish --tag=lfm_handler`.
2. Fill `App\Handler\ConfigHander::class` into `user_field`.
3. Edit `userField()` in the `App\Handler\ConfigHander`


## Working Directory:

| Key                | Type   | Description                                                                                                                                                                     |
|--------------------|--------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| base_directory     | string | Which folder to store files in project, fill in 'public', 'resources', 'storage' and so on. Does not support path relative path like `../public_html` or `public/upload/user/`. |
| images\_folder\_name | string | Does not support path relative path like `../public_html` or `public/upload/user/`.                                                                                             |
| files\_folder\_name  | string | Does not support path relative path like `../public_html` or `public/upload/user/`.                                                                                             |
| shared\_folder\_name | string | Does not support path relative path like `../public_html` or `public/upload/user/`.                                                                                             |
| thumb\_folder\_name  | string | Does not support path relative path like `../public_html` or `public/upload/user/`.                                                                                             |


## Startup Views:

| Key                 | Type   | Description                                                     |
|---------------------|--------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| images\_startup\_view | string | The default display type for images. Supported: "grid", "list". |
| files\_startup\_view  | string | The default display type for files. Supported: "grid", "list".  |


## Upload / Validation:

| Key                     | Type    | Description                                                              |
|-------------------------|---------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| rename_file             | string  | If true, the uploaded file will be renamed to uniqid() + file extension. |
| alphanumeric_filename   | string  | If  true, non-alphanumeric file name will be replaced with `_`.          |
| alphanumeric_directory  | boolean | If true, non-alphanumeric folder name will be rejected.                  |
| should\_validate\_size  | boolean | If true, the size of uploading file will be verified.                    |
| max\_image\_size        | int     | Specify max size of uploading image.                                     |
| max\_file\_size         | int     | Specify max size of uploading file.                                      |
| should\_validate\_mime  | boolean | If true, the mime type of uploading file will be verified.               |
| valid\_image\_mimetypes | array   | Array of mime types. Available since v1.3.0 .                       |
| should\_create\_thumbnails | boolean   | If true, thumbnails will be created for faster loading.                       |
| raster\_mimetypes       | array   | Array of mime types. Thumbnails will be created only for these mimetypes.                       |
| create\_folder\_mode    | int     | Permission setting for folders created by this package.                       |
| create\_file\_mode      | int     | Permission setting for files uploaded to this package.                       |
| valid\_file\_mimetypes  | array   | Array of mime types. Available since v1.3.0 .                       |


## Thumbnail dimensions:

| Key              | Type   | Description                                      |
|------------------|--------|--------------------------------------------------|
| thumb\_img\_width  | string | Width of thumbnail made when image is uploaded.  |
| thumb\_img\_height | string | Height of thumbnail made when image is uploaded. |


## File Extension Information

| Key             | Type  | Description                                 |
|-----------------|-------|---------------------------------------------|
| file\_type\_array | array | Map file extension with display names.      |
| file\_icon\_array | array | Map file extension with icons(font-awsome). |


## php.ini override

| Key               | Type            | Description                                                                                                                       |
|-------------------|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| php\_ini\_overrides | array or boolean | These values override your php.ini settings before uploading files. Set these to false to ingnore and apply your php.ini settings |

### Caveats

The php\_ini\_overrides are applied on every request the filemanager does and are reset once the script has finished executing.
This has one drawback: any ini settings that you might want to change that apply to the request itself will not work.

For example, overriding these settings will not work:
* upload\_max\_filesize
* post\_max\_size

**Why this is expected behaviour:**
upload\_max\_filesize and post\_max\_size will get set but uploaded files are already passed to your PHP script before the settings are changed.

Commit message:

Create an option to perform chmod by @KJLKurt (cherry-pick from v1)

docs/config.md, after:

**The config is in `config/lfm.php`.**

## Routing:

| Key                | Type    | Description                                                                                                  |
|--------------------|---------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| use\_package\_routes | boolean | Use routes from package or not. If false, you will need to define routes to all controllers of this package. |
| middlewares        | array   | Middlewares to be applied to default routes. For laravel 5.1 and before, remove 'web' from the array.        |
| url_prefix         | string  | The url prefix to this package. Change it if necessary.                                                      |


## Multi-User Mode:

| Key                | Type    | Description                                                                                    |
|--------------------|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| allow\_multi\_user   | boolean | If true, private folders will be created for each signed-in user.                              |
| allow\_share\_folder | boolean | If true, share folder will be created.                                                         |
| user_field         | string  | Private folders will be named by this. Can receive column name of `users` table or class name. |

### If you want to name private folders other than columns of users table, follow these steps:
1. Run `php artisan vendor:publish --tag=lfm_handler`.
2. Fill `App\Handler\ConfigHander::class` into `user_field`.
3. Edit `userField()` in the `App\Handler\ConfigHander`


## Working Directory:

| Key                | Type   | Description                                                                                                                                                                     |
|--------------------|--------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| base_directory     | string | Which folder to store files in project, fill in 'public', 'resources', 'storage' and so on. Does not support path relative path like `../public_html` or `public/upload/user/`. |
| images\_folder\_name | string | Does not support path relative path like `../public_html` or `public/upload/user/`.                                                                                             |
| files\_folder\_name  | string | Does not support path relative path like `../public_html` or `public/upload/user/`.                                                                                             |
| shared\_folder\_name | string | Does not support path relative path like `../public_html` or `public/upload/user/`.                                                                                             |
| thumb\_folder\_name  | string | Does not support path relative path like `../public_html` or `public/upload/user/`.                                                                                             |


## Startup Views:

| Key                 | Type   | Description                                                     |
|---------------------|--------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| images\_startup\_view | string | The default display type for images. Supported: "grid", "list". |
| files\_startup\_view  | string | The default display type for files. Supported: "grid", "list".  |


## Upload / Validation:

| Key                     | Type    | Description                                                              |
|-------------------------|---------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| rename_file             | string  | If true, the uploaded file will be renamed to uniqid() + file extension. |
| alphanumeric_filename   | string  | If  true, non-alphanumeric file name will be replaced with `_`.          |
| alphanumeric_directory  | boolean | If true, non-alphanumeric folder name will be rejected.                  |
| should\_validate\_size  | boolean | If true, the size of uploading file will be verified.                    |
| max\_image\_size        | int     | Specify max size of uploading image.                                     |
| max\_file\_size         | int     | Specify max size of uploading file.                                      |
| should\_validate\_mime  | boolean | If true, the mime type of uploading file will be verified.               |
| valid\_image\_mimetypes | array   | Array of mime types. Available since v1.3.0 .                       |
| should\_create\_thumbnails | boolean   | If true, thumbnails will be created for faster loading.                       |
| raster\_mimetypes       | array   | Array of mime types. Thumbnails will be created only for these mimetypes.                       |
| create\_folder\_mode    | int     | Permission setting for folders created by this package.                       |
| create\_file\_mode      | int     | Permission setting for files uploaded to this package.                       |
| should\_change\_file\_mode | boolean | If true, it will attempt to chmod the file after upload                  |
| valid\_file\_mimetypes  | array   | Array of mime types. Available since v1.3.0 .                       |


## Thumbnail dimensions:

| Key              | Type   | Description                                      |
|------------------|--------|--------------------------------------------------|
| thumb\_img\_width  | string | Width of thumbnail made when image is uploaded.  |
| thumb\_img\_height | string | Height of thumbnail made when image is uploaded. |


## File Extension Information

| Key             | Type  | Description                                 |
|-----------------|-------|---------------------------------------------|
| file\_type\_array | array | Map file extension with display names.      |
| file\_icon\_array | array | Map file extension with icons(font-awsome). |


## php.ini override

| Key               | Type            | Description                                                                                                                       |
|-------------------|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| php\_ini\_overrides | array or boolean | These values override your php.ini settings before uploading files. Set these to false to ingnore and apply your php.ini settings |

### Caveats

The php\_ini\_overrides are applied on every request the filemanager does and are reset once the script has finished executing.
This has one drawback: any ini settings that you might want to change that apply to the request itself will not work.

For example, overriding these settings will not work:
* upload\_max\_filesize
* post\_max\_size

**Why this is expected behaviour:**
upload\_max\_filesize and post\_max\_size will get set but uploaded files are already passed to your PHP script before the settings are changed.
